Ouch brother money
You can come, come, come, receive one, hurry up, hurry up!
Hey, you're finally here.
Lord Zhou, I don't know what you called Caomin to come.
Brother Qin
To tell you the truth
Or because of arson?
Isn't the arson case closed?
Just now
Zhang Zhijie died in prison
What do you know about your second uncle?
The night of the arson
Why go to Lord Zhang Ji's house?
The grass people do not know
It's not in the file
Of course.
After all, this matter involves the Ministry of Household Affairs
There was a big deficit.
amount involved
As much as ten million taels of silver
Well, Lord Seal
I shouldn't have listened to this
No no no you should know
You know who found out?
Who is the housekeeper?
Lord Zhang Ji
Your second uncle was ordered by him to investigate this matter secretly
That night.
They're discussing it here.
It is precisely because the evidence was conclusive
His Majesty has never ordered a strange case. The things involved behind these things are too big
One wonders.
Even if I'm upset
It's not as simple as it seems
It's a pity that Lord Zhang Ji is dead
Involved in the tax and silver case
All leads are interrupted
So do you understand?
This heavy weapons case
It is by no means a simple Zhang Qizhi who kills his brother and serves his father
Corruption is so simple
And here's the thing.
Zhang Zhijie is dead, right?
We were going to get something out of him.
I didn't expect it.
Eh
My lord, this is none of our business
After all, the case is solved
This case has many implications.
It's not as simple as you think
Your previous words
Force Zhang Zhijie to plead guilty
But that's not necessarily true.
At least not the whole truth.
elder brother